Oi when you gonna ring
Oh yes, why is it like torture watching england?
Yes but can we meet in town cos will go to gep and then home. You could text at bus stop. And don't worry we'll have finished by march ... ish!
what I meant to say is cant wait to see u again getting bored of this bridgwater banter
V nice! Off 2 sheffield tom 2 air my opinions on categories 2 b used 2 measure ethnicity in next census. Busy transcribing. :-)
See you there! 
Thanks  and ! Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! 
hanks lotsly!
I shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?
I wonder if you'll get this text?
Oh unintentionally not bad timing. Great. Fingers  the trains play along! Will give fifteen min warning.
Er yep sure. Props?
I have a rather prominent bite mark on my right cheek
Yeah confirmed for you staying at  that weekend
would u fuckin believe it they didnt know i had thurs pre booked off so they re cancelled me AGAIN! that needs to b sacked
No! But we found a diff farm shop to buy some cheese. On way back now, can i call in?
I take it we didn't have the phone callon Friday. Can we assume we won't have it this year now?
Good good, billy mates all gone. Just been jogging, again! Did enjoy concert?
Aah! A cuddle would be lush! I'd need lots of tea and soup before any kind of fumbling!
Hiya , have u been paying money into my account? If so, thanks. Got a pleasant surprise when i checked my balance -u c, i don't get statements 4 that acc
Hows the champ just leaving glasgow!
You'll never believe this but i have actually got off at taunton. Wow
:-( sad puppy noise
Big brother's really scraped the barrel with this shower of social misfits
Night sweet, sleep well! I've just been to see The Exorcism of Emily Rose and may never sleep again! Hugs and snogs! 
What time. I'm out until prob 3 or so
Yeah whatever lol
Kinda. First one gets in at twelve! Aah. Speak tomo
here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
I had a good time too. Its nice to do something a bit different with my weekends for a change. See ya soon
, ow u dey.i paid 60,400thousad.i told  u would call . 
Not yet. Just i'd like to keep in touch and it will be the easiest way to do that from barcelona. By the way how ru and how is the house?
Yes obviously, but you are the eggs-pert and the potato head... Speak soon! 
Does cinema plus drink appeal tomo? * Is a fr thriller by director i like on at mac at 8.30.
Okay but i thought you were the expert
:) 
Yeah work is fine, started last week, all the same stuff as before, dull but easy and guys are fun!
Well done, blimey, exercise, yeah, i kinda remember wot that is, hmm. 
I just cooked a rather nice salmon a la you
Very strange.  and  are watching the 2nd one now but i'm in bed. Sweet dreams, miss u 
All sounds good. Fingers . Makes it difficult to type
Just hopeing that wasn't too pissed up to remember and has gone off to his sisters or something!
Can you let me know details of fri when u find out cos I'm not in tom or fri. mentionned chinese. Thanks
Sorry . I will be able to get to you. See you in the morning.
Okey dokey swashbuckling stuff what oh.
Only just got this message, not ignoring you. Yes, i was. Shopping that is
Well am officially in a philosophical hole, so if u wanna call am at home ready to be saved!
, ,  and  picking them up from various points | going 2 yeovil | and they will do the motor project 4 3 hours | and then u take them home. || 12 2 5.30 max. || Very easy
Forgot you were working today! Wanna chat, but things are ok so drop me a text when you're free / bored etc and i'll ring. Hope all is well, nose essay and all xx
Are we doing the norm tomorrow? I finish just a 4.15 cos of st tests. Need to sort library stuff out at some point tomo - got letter from today - access til end march so i better get move on!
Hi. Hope ur day * good! Back from walk, table booked for half eight. Let me know when ur coming over.
Erm. I thought the contract ran out the4th of october.
Not thought bout it... || Drink in tap & spile at seven. || Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. || Ok?
Hello- thanx for taking that call. I got a job! Starts on monday!
Have you heard about that job? I'm going to that wildlife talk again tonight if u want2come. Its that2worzels and a wizzle or whatever it is?! 
Yeah go on then, bored and depressed sittin waitin for phone to ring... Hope the wind drops though, scary
Camera quite good, 10.1mega pixels, 3optical and 5digital dooms. Have a lovely holiday, be safe and i hope you hav a good journey! Happy new year to you both! See you in a couple of weeks! 
Hmm ok, i'll stay for like an hour cos my eye is really sore!
... and don't worry we'll have finished by march ... ish!
Not getting anywhere with this damn job hunting over here!
Hi , where are you? We're at  and they're not keen to go out i kind of am but feel i shouldn't so can we go out tomo, don't mind do you?
It is a good thing I'm now getting the connection to bw
see you then, we're all christmassy here!
I though we shd go out n have some fun so bar in town or something  sound ok?
Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?"
, im .. On the snowboarding trip. I was wondering if your planning to get everyone together befor we go..a meet and greet kind of affair? Cheers, 
Perhaps * is much easy give your account identification, so i will tomorrow at UNI
Nationwide auto centre (or something like that) on Newport road. I liked them there
Just got part Nottingham - 3 hrs 63miles. Good thing i love my man so much, but only doing 40mph. Hey ho
Dont flatter yourself... Tell that man of mine two pints of carlin in ten minutes please.... 
My friend, she's studying at warwick, we've planned to go shopping and to concert tmw, but it may be canceled, havn't seen  for ages, yeah we should get together sometime!
Men like shorter ladies. Gaze up into his eyes.
Easy mate, * guess the quick drink was bit ambitious.
I av a new number,  . Wil u only use this one,ta.
And maybe some pressies
Er, hello, things didn't quite go to plan  is limping slowly home followed by aa and with exhaust hanging off
Hi its in durban are you still on this number
Ooh, 4got, i'm gonna start belly dancing in moseley weds 6.30 if u want 2 join me, they have a cafe too. 
happened here while you were adventuring
if you text on your way to cup stop that should work. And that should be BUS
* You gonna ring this weekend or wot?
Can you use foreign stamps for whatever you send them off for? 
What time you coming down later? 
Maybe i could get book out tomo then return it immediately ..? Or something.
Have you seen who's back at Holby?!
I jus hope its true that  missin me cos i'm really missin him! You haven't done anything to feel guilty about, yet.
Have you heard from this week?
Please give it 2  or i will pick it up on Tuesday evening about 8 if that is ok.
Thanks honey but still haven't heard anything I will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later - great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there!
Am not working but am up to eyes in philosophy so will text u later when a bit more free for chat...
Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml  hope ok.
PS U no ur a grown up now right?
twenty past five he said will this train have been to durham already or not coz i am in a reserved seat
I got another job! The one at the hospital doing data analysis or something, starts on monday! Not sure when my thesis will got finished
Que pases un buen tiempo or something like that
I'll text now! All creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
Hey! Congrats 2u2. id luv 2 but ive had 2 go home!
I'll have a look at the frying pan in case it's cheap or a book perhaps. No that's silly a frying pan isn't likely to be a book
say thanks2. 
I have 2 sleeping bags, 1 blanket and paper and  phone details. Anything else?
swhrt how u dey,hope ur ok, tot about u 2day.love n miss.take care.
It wont b until 2.15 as trying 2 sort house out, is that ok?
I have had two more letters from . I will copy them for you cos one has a message for you. Speak soon
Yes watching footie but worried we're going to blow it - Phil Neville?
We made it! Eta at taunton is 12:30 as planned, hope that's still okday?! Good to see you! :-xx
Tee hee. Off to lecture, cheery bye bye.
Can not use foreign stamps in this country. Good lecture .
Hi hope u r both ok, he said he would text and he hasn't, have u seen him, let me down gently please 
I think your mentor is , but not 100 percent sure.
Erm ... ill pick you up at about 6.45pm. That'll give enough time to get there, park and that.
Hm good morning, headache anyone? :-)
Pick you up bout 7.30ish? What time are  and that going?
Have you bookedthe hut? And also your time off? How are you by the way?
Bognor it is! Should be splendid at this time of year.
Hi, wlcome back, did wonder if you got eaten by a lion or something, nothing much
This pen thing is beyond a joke. Wont a Biro do? Don't do a masters as can't do this ever again! 
Double eviction this week - Spiral and Michael and good riddance to them!
They can try! They can get lost, in fact. Tee hee
I'm really sorry i won't b able 2 do this friday.hope u can find an alternative.hope yr term's going ok:-)
Urgh, coach hot, smells of chip fat! Thanks again, especially for the duvet (not a predictive text word).
You all ready for * big day tomorrow?
I don't quite know what to do. I still can't get hold of anyone. I cud pick you up bout 7.30pm and we can see if they're in the pub?
Have you been practising your curtsey?
meet you in corporation st outside gap ... you can see how my mind is working!
By the way, make sure u get train to worc foregate street not shrub hill. Have fun night x
Yes. Last  practice
Yes i thought so. Thanks.
Unfortunately i've just found out that we have to pick my sister up from the airport that evening so don't think i'll be going out at all. We should try to go out one of th
I like to think there's always the possibility of being in a pub later.
hows my favourite person today? r u workin hard? couldn't sleep again last nite nearly rang u at 4.30
It's 6 to get in, is that ok?
What do u reckon as need 2 arrange transport if u can't do it, thanks
Hi did u decide wot 2 get 4 his bday if not ill prob jus get him a voucher frm virgin or sumfing 
 gonna let me know cos comes bak from holiday that day.  is coming. Don't4get2text me  number. 
Lol! Nah wasn't too bad thanks. Its good to b home but its been quite a reality check. Hows ur day been? Did u do anything with website?
Cheers for the card ... Is it that time of year already?
Neither [in sterm voice] - i'm studying. All fine with me! Not sure the  thing will be resolved, tho. Anyway. Have a fab hols
Indeed and by the way it was either or - not both !
That's a shame! Maybe cld meet for few hrs tomo?
Oops. 4 got that bit.
:-) :-)
Shall I bring us a bottle of wine to keep us amused? Only joking! I'll bring one anyway
Nope thats fine. I might have a nap tho! 
Okay. No no, just shining on. That was meant to be signing, but that sounds better.
Hey mr  and I are going to the sea view and having a couple of gays I mean games! Give me a bell when ya finish 
Is that on the telly? No its Brdget Jones!
I am back. Good journey! Let me know if you need any of the receipts. Shall i tell you like the pendent?
* Am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not!
Come round, it's . 
Sorry im getting up now, feel really bad- totally rejected that kinda me thing.
* Will be september by then!
Back in brum! Thanks for putting us up and keeping us all and happy. See you soon 
All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
Was the farm open?
Printer is cool. I mean groovy. Wine is groovying
... Are you in the pub?
No i'm not gonna be able to. || too late notice. || i'll be home in a few weeks anyway. || what are the plans
Are you driving or training?
[...] anyway, many good evenings to u! s
Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You? 
Did he say how fantastic I am by any chance, or anything need a bigger life lift as losing the will 2 live, do you think I would be the first person 2 die from N V Q? 
 said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! He is a gorgeous man isn't he! Kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day! 
Hello! How r u? Im bored. Inever thought id get bored with the tv but I am. Tell me something exciting has happened there? Anything! =/
Roger that. We're probably going to rem in about 20
Hello! Just got here, st andrews-boy its a long way! Its cold. I will keep you posted
Okey dokey, i'll be over in a bit just sorting some stuff out.
Have you emigrated or something? Ok maybe 5.30 was a bit hopeful...
Am watching house  very entertaining  am getting the whole hugh laurie thing  even with the stick  indeed especially with the stick.
No. Yes please. Been swimming?
Message from . I am at Truro Hospital on ext. You can phone me here. as I have a phone by my side
Man this bus is so so so slow. I think you're gonna get there before me
All was well until slightly disastrous class this pm with my fav darlings! Hope day off ok. Coffee wld be good as can't stay late tomorrow. Same time + place as always?
yay! finally lol. i missed our cinema trip last week :-(
 says that he's quitting at least5times a day so i wudn't take much notice of that. Nah, she didn't mind. Are you gonna see him again? Do you want to come to taunton tonight? U can tell me all about !
I'll pick you up at about 5.15pm to go to taunton if you still want to come.
Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
Yes, my reg is  Ciao!
And you! Will expect you whenever you text! Hope all goes well tomo 
Boo. How's things? I'm back at home and a little bored already :-(
Hey there! Glad u r better now. I hear u treated urself to a digi cam, is it good? We r off at 9pm. Have a fab new year, c u in coupla wks!
Hello. They are going to the village pub at 8 so either come here or there accordingly. Ok?
Sorry, left phone upstairs. OK, might be hectic but would be all my birds with one fell swoop. It's a date.
Been running but only managed 5 minutes and then needed oxygen! Might have to resort to the roller option!
Hey cutie. How goes it? Here in WALES its kinda ok. There is like hills and shit but i still avent killed myself. 
Now thats going to ruin your thesis!
I'm going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
1.20 that call cost. Which i guess isnt bad. Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya
Well I wasn't available as I washob nobbing with last night so they had to ask Nickey Platt instead of me!;
Dont give a monkeys wot they think and i certainly don't mind. Any friend of mine&all that! Just don't sleep wiv , that wud be annoyin!
Did you show him and wot did he say or could u not c him 4 dust?
My sort code is  and acc no is . The bank is natwest. Can you reply to confirm i've sent this to the right person!
Jordan got voted out last nite!
Oh right, ok. I'll make sure that i do loads of work during the day!  got a really nasty cough today and is dry n shot so that should really help it!
Wow didn't think it was that common. I take it all back ur not a freak! Unless u chop it off:-)
Spoons it is then okay?
Yes fine 
I'm parked next to a MINI!!!! When are you coming in today do you think?
Ok. Not much to do here though. H&M Friday, cant wait. Dunno wot the hell im gonna do for another 3 weeks! Become a slob- oh wait, already done that! 
I've been barred from all B and Q stores for life!?This twat in orange dungerees came up to me and asked if I wanted decking? So I got the first punch in!!
Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya.
Hello. Sort of out in town already. That . So dont rush home, I am eating nachos. Will let you know eta.
Ok cool. See ya then.
R u in this continent?
* Thought I didn't see you.
Yeah right! I'll bring my tape measure fri!
What i mean was i left too early to check, cos i'm working a 9-6.
Ok. Not sure what time tho as not sure if can get to library before class. Will try. See you at some point! Have good eve.
Kind of. Took it to garage. Centre part of exhaust needs replacing. Part ordered n taking it to be fixed tomo morning.
Hmm, too many of them unfortunately... Pics obviously arent hot cakes. Its kinda fun tho
The whole car appreciated the last two! Dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. P.
Shit that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. Def up for night out. Do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?
I'm gonna say no. Sorry. I would but as normal am starting to panic about time. Sorry again! Are you seeing on Tuesday?
on hen night. Going with a swing
Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m... 
Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.
Err... Cud do. I'm going to  at 8pm. I haven't got a way to contact him until then.
Not tonight mate. Catching up on some sleep. This is my new number by the way. 
4 oclock at mine. Just to bash out a flat plan.
Hasn't that been the pattern recently crap weekends?
Hello.How u doing?What u been up 2?When will u b moving out of the flat, cos I will need to arrange to pick up the lamp, etc. Take care. Hello caroline!
Well. You know what i mean. Texting
I think just yourself ...Thanks and see you tomo
have * good weekend.
For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa
Oh yes I can speak txt 2 u no! Hmm. Did u get  email?
Cant think of anyone with * spare room off * top of my head
Ok thats cool. Its , just off either raglan rd or edward rd. Behind the cricket ground. Gimme ring when ur closeby see you tuesday.
Just re read it and I have no shame but tell me how he takes it and if he runs I will blame u 4 ever!! Not really 4 ever just a long time 
have got * few things to do. may be in * pub later.
Annoying isn't it.
Velly good, yes please!
Hello, yeah i've just got out of the bath and need to do my hair so i'll come up when i'm done, yeah?
Well good morning mr . Hows london treatin' ya treacle?
HIYA STU WOT U UP 2.IM IN SO MUCH TRUBLE AT HOME AT MOMENT EVONE HATES ME EVEN U! WOT THE HELL AV I DONE NOW? Y WONT U JUST TELL ME TEXT BCK PLEASE LUV DAN 
Lol! Oops sorry! Have fun. 
Lol! U drunkard! Just doing my hair at d moment. Yeah still up 4 tonight. Wats the plan? 
Well, I was about to give up cos they all said no they didn't do one nighters. I persevered and found one but it is very cheap so i apologise in advance. It is just somewhere to sleep isnt it?
whatever, im pretty pissed off.
Hey mate. Spoke to the mag people. We're on.  the is deliver by the end of the month. Deliver on the 24th sept. Talk later. 
We are hoping to get away by 7, from Langport. You still up for town tonight?
Hi. || Do u want | to join me with sts later? || Meeting them at five. || Call u after class.
Sounds like a plan! Cardiff is still here and still cold! I'm sitting on the radiator!
Allo! We have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. I mean we're in b'ham. Have a jolly good rest of week
:-) yeah! Lol. Luckily i didn't have a starring role like you!
Its on in engalnd! But telly has decided it won't let me watch it and mia and elliot were kissing! Damn it!
The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
Gosh that , what a pain. Spose I better come then.
Think i might have to give it a miss. Am teaching til twelve, then have lecture at two. Damn this working thing.
You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon. 
Hey , is * rite u put 10 evey mnth is that all?
Ok. Can be later showing around 8-8:30 if you want + cld have drink before. Wld prefer not to spend money on nosh if you don't mind, as doing that nxt wk.
Can help u swoop by picking u up from wherever ur other birds r meeting if u want.
Hi here. have birth at on the  to  at 8lb 7oz. Mother and baby doing brilliantly.
There generally isn't one. It's an uncountable noun - u in the dictionary. pieces of research?
Ah, well that confuses things, doesnt it? I thought was friends with now. Maybe i did the wrong thing but i already sort of invited -tho he may not come cos of money.
Thanks. It was only from tescos but quite nice. All gone now. Speak soon 
;-( oh well, c u later
A lot of this sickness thing going round. Take it easy. Hope u feel better soon. Lol
Sorry completely forgot * will pop em round this week if your still here?
Good! No, don't need any receiptswell done! (...) Yes, please tell . What's her number, i could ring her
Maybe?! Say hi to  and find out if  got his card. Great escape or wetherspoons? 
Thank you. And by the way, I just lost.
Sure thing big man. i have hockey elections at 6, shouldn't go on longer than an hour though
Sorry. || mail? || 
Ok that would b lovely, if u r sure. Think about wot u want to do, drinkin, dancin, eatin, cinema, in, out, about... Up to u! Wot about ? 
, how's things? Just a quick question.
Received, understood n acted upon!
Don't worry, * is easy once have ingredients!
I take it the post has come then! You must have 1000s of texts now! Happy reading. My one from wiv hello caroline at the end is my favourite. Bless him
That's the trouble with classes that go well - you're due a dodgey one ... Expecting mine tomo! See you for recovery, same time, same place 
No, but you told me you were going, before you got drunk!
Hello. No news on job, they are making me wait a fifth week! Yeah im up for some woozles and weasels... In exeter still, but be home about 3. 
Just got up. have to be out of the room very soon. .... i hadn't put the clocks back til at 8 i shouted at everyone to get up and then realised it was 7. wahay. another hour in bed.
;-) ok. I feel like john lennon.
Yeah no probs - last night is obviously catching up with you... Speak soon 
Thought praps you meant another one. Goodo! I'll look tomorrow 
Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry. 
Hi, wkend ok but journey terrible. Wk not good as have huge back log of marking to do
Mystery solved! Just opened my email and he's sent me another batch! Isn't he a sweetie
Thats a bit weird, even ?- where is the do supposed to be happening? But good idea, sure they will be in pub!
Yo! Howz u? girls never rang after india. L
By the way, i've put a skip right outside the front of the house so you can see which house it is. Just pull up before it.
Ha! I wouldn't say that I just didn't read anything into way u seemed. I don't like 2 be judgemental....i save that for fridays in the pub!
What * u wearing?
Dear relieved of westonzoyland, all going to plan this end too!
Jolly good! By the way,  will give u tickets for sat eve 7.30. Speak before then x
Will do. Was exhausted on train this morning. Too much wine and pie. You sleep well too
Can not use foreign stamps in this country.
Hello hun how ru? Its here by the way. Im good. Been on 2 dates with that guy i met in walkabout so far. We have to meet up soon. Hows everyone else?
V skint too but fancied few bevies.waz gona go meet &othrs in spoon but jst bin watchng planet earth&sofa is v comfey; If i dont make it hav gd night
It's reassuring, in this crazy world.
am up to my eyes in philosophy
Not sure I have the stomach for it ...
Looks like u wil b getting a headstart im leaving here bout 2.30ish but if u r desperate for my company I could head in earlier-we were goin to meet in rummer.
Don't give a flying monkeys wot they think and I certainly don't mind. Any friend of mine and all that!
S'fine. Anytime. All the best with it.
Pansy! You've been living in a jungle for two years! Its my driving you should be more worried about!
I thought i'd get him a watch, just cos thats the kind of thing u get4an18th. And he loves so much!
Thnx dude. u guys out 2nite?
Hmm well, night night 
Ah, well that confuses things, doesn't it?
I to am looking forward to all the sex cuddling.. Only two more sleeps 
Can you do a mag meeting this avo at some point?
Am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not! I'm staying skyving off today ho ho! Will be around wednesday though. Do you fancy the comedy club this week by the way?
Well I'm going to be an aunty!
Cool, we shall go and see, have to go to tip anyway. Are you at home, got something to drop in later? So lets go to town tonight! Maybe mum can take us in.
Hiya, had a good day? Have you spoken to since the weekend?
Did u find out what time the bus is at coz i need to sort some stuff out.
Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already
* Was a nice day and, impressively, i was sensible, went home early and now feel fine. Or am i just boring?! When's yours, i can't remember.
Hiya, sorry didn't hav signal. I haven't seen or heard from and neither has, which is unusual in itself! I'll put on the case and get him to sort it out! Hugs and snogs.
Great escape. I fancy the bridge but needs her lager. See you tomo 
Not a lot has happened here. Feels very quiet. Beth is at her aunts and charlie is working lots. Just me and helen in at the mo. How have you been? 
I am back. Bit long cos of accident on a30. Had to divert via wadebridge.I had a brilliant weekend thanks. Speak soon. Lots of love
How's it going? Got any exciting karaoke type activities planned? I'm debating whether to play football this eve. Feeling lazy though.
Bbq this sat at mine from 6ish. Ur welcome 2 come
That would be great. We'll be at the Guild. Could meet on Bristol road or somewhere - will get in touch over weekend. Our plans take flight! Have a good week
Yeah, that's fine! It's 6 to get in, is that ok? 
Hiya, probably coming home * weekend after next
You know, wot people wear. T shirts, jumpers, hat, belt, is all we know. We r at Cribbs
R u sure they'll understand that! Wine * good idea just had a slurp!
I have lost 10 kilos as of today!
Done it but internet connection v slow and can't send it. Will try again later or first thing tomo.
Evening * v good if somewhat event laden. Will fill you in, don't you worry ... Head * ok but throat * wrecked. See you at six then!
Beerage?
Hiya. How was last night? I've been naughty and bought myself clothes and very little ... Ready for more shopping tho! What kind of time do you wanna meet?
Realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?! 
We took hooch for a walk toaday and i fell over! Splat! Grazed my knees and everything! Should have stayed at home! See you tomorrow! 
What is this 'hex' place you talk of? Explain!
Thought we could go out for dinner. I'll treat you! Seem ok?
That way transport is less problematic than on sat night. By the way, if u want to ask  n  to join my bday, feel free. But need to know definite nos as booking on fri. 
Lol no ouch but wish i'd stayed out a bit longer
Ha ha - had popped down to the loo when you hello-ed me. Hello!
Reckon need to be in town by eightish to walk from * carpark.
Hope ur head doesn't hurt 2 much ! Am ploughing my way through a pile of ironing ! Staying in with a chinky tonight come round if you like.
Mm not entirely sure i understood that text but hey. Ho. Which weekend?
I'll leave around four, ok?
And several to you sir.
Hmm. Shall i bring a bottle of wine to keep us amused? Just joking! I'll still bring a bottle. Red or white? See you tomorrow
Have a good trip. Watch out for . Remember when you get back we must decide about easter.
Wrong phone! This phone! I answer this one but assume the other is people i don't well
Well done and ! luv ya all 
It certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens
hiya hows it going in sunny africa? hope u r avin a good time. give that big old silver back a big kiss from me.
Whats that coming over the hill..... Is it a monster! Hope you have a great day. Things r going fine here, busy though! 
Are you available for soiree on June 3rd?
Hello beautiful r u ok? I've kinda ad a row wiv and he walked out the pub?? I wanted a night wiv u Miss u 
Aah bless! How's your arm?
I like cheap! But i'm happy to splash out on the wine if it makes you feel better..
Honestly i've just made a lovely cup of tea and promptly dropped my keys in it and then burnt my fingers getting them out!
Pity, * was in mood for that. So...any other suggestions?
Hey mr whats the name of that bill brison book the one about language and words 
I didn't get the second half of that message
Nimbomsons. Yep phone knows that one. Obviously, cos thats a real word
Hi hope u get this txt~journey hasnt been gd,now about 50 mins late I think.
Hi there. We have now moved in2 our pub . Would be great 2 c u if u cud come up.
... we r stayin here an extra week, back next wed. How did we do in the rugby this weekend? Hi to and and , c u soon "
Hi my email address has changed now it is 
I'm coming back on Thursday. Yay. Is it gonna be ok to get the money. Cheers. Oh yeah and how are you. Everything alright. Hows school. Or do you call it work now
Wow v v impressed. Have funs shopping!
Should I have picked up a receipt or something earlier
 and  picking them up from various points
I've got some salt, you can rub it in my open wounds if you like!
At home by the way
Greetings me, ! Consider yourself excused.
Hello! Good week? Fancy a drink or something later?
Okay, good, no problem, and thanx!
Hello. Damn this christmas thing. I think i have decided to keep this mp3 that doesnt work.
No * am working on the ringing u thing but have whole houseful of screaming brats so * am pulling my hair out! Loving u
tap & spile at seven. * Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. Ok?
:-( that's not v romantic!
Its normally hot mail. Com you see!
I'm in solihull, | do you want anything?
* Am on my way
I do know what u mean,  is the king of not havin credit! I'm goin2bed now. Night night sweet! Only1more sleep! 
Ahhhh...just woken up!had a bad dream about u tho,so i dont like u right now :) i didnt know anything about comedy night but i guess im up for it.
This weekend is fine (an excuse not to do too much decorating)
Let me know if you need anything else. Salad or desert or something... How many beers shall i get?
Dare i ask... Any luck with sorting out the car?
That's ok. I popped in to ask bout something and she said you'd been in. Are you around tonght wen this girl comes?
Hey gorgeous man. My work mobile number is. Have a good one babe. Squishy Mwahs.
Serious? What like proper tongued her
Oh and by the way you do have more food in your fridge! Want to go out for a meal tonight? 
Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
Your daily text from me  a favour this time
No worries, hope photo shoot went well. have a spiffing fun at workage. 
it's really getting me down just hanging around.
Our ride equally uneventful - not too many of those pesky cyclists around at that time of night ;).
All done, all handed in. Don't know if mega shop in asda counts as celebration but thats what i'm doing!
* Was thinking about chuckin ur red green n black trainners 2 save carryin them bac on train
hope things went well at 'doctors' ;) reminds me i still need 2go.did u c d little thing i left in the lounge?
Saw Guys and Dolls last night with Patrick Swayze it was great
* Will have two more cartons off u and is very pleased with shelves
There are some nice pubs near here or there is Frankie n Bennys near the warner cinema?
Ah you see. You have to be in the lingo. I will let you know wot on earth it is when has finished making it!
Lovely smell on this bus and it ain't tobacco... 
Erm... Woodland avenue somewhere. Do you get the parish magazine, his telephone number will be in there.
Oops sorry. Just to check that you don't mind picking me up tomo at half eight from station. Would that be ok?
Hey chief, can you give me a bell when you get this. Need to talk to you about this royal visit on the 1st june. 
Thanks. Fills me with complete calm and reassurance! 
Er yeah, i will b there at 15:26, sorry! Just tell me which pub/cafe to sit in and come wen u can
Yeah do! Don't stand to close tho- you'll catch something!
Yes see ya not on the dot
I think we're going to finn's now, come
* Was really good to see you the other day dudette, been missing you!
dont make ne plans for nxt wknd coz she wants us to come down then ok
 what number do u live at? Is it 11?
Have you not finished work yet or something?
Guess which pub im in? Im as happy as a pig in clover or whatever the saying is! 
Well I might not come then...
Love that holiday Monday feeling even if I have to go to the dentists in an hour
By the way, 'rencontre' is to meet again. Mountains dont....
It's justbeen overa week since we broke up and already our brains are going to mush!
did u get that message
Nutter. Cutter. Ctter. Cttergg. Cttargg. Ctargg. Ctagg. ie you
How have your little darlings been so far this week? Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already ...
He said that he had a right giggle when he saw u again! You would possibly be the first person2die from NVQ, but think how much you could for! 
Arms fine, how's Cardiff and uni? 
Goodo! Yes we must speak friday - egg-potato ratio for tortilla needed! 
Your bill at 3 is 33.65 so thats not bad!
Kind of. Just missed train cos of asthma attack, nxt one in half hr so driving in. not sure where to park.
I've got it down to a tea. not sure which flavour
She's borderline but yeah whatever.
We are at grandmas. Oh dear, u still ill? I felt Shit this morning but i think i am just hungover! Another night then. We leave on sat.
Have you got Xmas radio times. If not i will get it now
 came to look at the flat, seems ok, in his 50s? * Is away alot wiv work. Got woman coming at 6.30 too.
Yep then is fine 7.30 or 8.30 for ice age.
Ho ho - big belly laugh! See ya tomo
I don't think he has spatula hands!
Early bird! Any purchases yet?
yeah sure thing mate haunt got all my stuff sorted but im going sound anyway promoting hex for .by the way who is this? dont know number. Joke
Just sent you an email  to an address with incomm in it, is that right?
Rightio. 11.48 it is then. Well arent we all up bright and early this morning.
I think I'm waiting for the same bus! Inform me when you get there, if you ever get there.
Okey doke. I'm at home, but not dressed cos laying around ill! Speak to you later bout times and stuff. 
Not really dude, have no friends i'm afraid :(
sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later.
Glad it went well :) come over at 11 then we'll have plenty of time before claire goes to work.
What are you doing in langport? Sorry, but I'll probably be in bed by 9pm. It sucks being ill at xmas! When do you and go2sri lanka? 
Sorry * was at the grocers.
Oops - am at my mum's in somerset... Bit far! Back tomo, see you soon x
What is the plural of the noun research?
that would be good ... I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?
Bill, as in: Are there any letters for me. i'm expecting one from orange that isn't a bill but may still say orange on it.
I don't know, same thing that's wrong everyso often, he panicks starts goin on bout not bein good enough ...
Ok not a problem will get them a taxi. C ing  tomorrow and tuesday. On tuesday think we r all going to the cinema. 
That's the thing with apes, u can fight to the death to keep something, but the minute they have it when u let go, thats it!
Ha. You don't know either. I did a a clever but simple thing with pears the other day, perfect for christmas.
Good stuff, will do.
Everybody had fun this evening. Miss you.